Marriage is such a big deal
Can you stop blocking me?
I don't want this broken house anymore.
Just go, okay?
I'm begging you, okay?
Jin Ming
Pick him up for me
Ok ok ok I take it I take it
How can I leave now?
Can we go?
Haven't seen you in a few years today
I thought you would grow
I didn't expect you to become more gluttonous
I hate the poor and love the rich
I don't even recognize my own mother
Otherwise, what do you want from me?
Aren't you waiting for a stinky farmer all your life like you?
I tell the truth
If you weren't for me, you would still take care of that relative
Don't dare to talk to me
I'm not qualified
This is where every inch of land is expensive
Even Zhigao saw that the Qing army was playing nine acts here
And I
Can play in the same place as Lord Qing Jun
Do you think we still belong to the same class?
Forget it. Forget it.
I told you this and you heard it
If you don't want to leave, you won't leave.
Don't you just want money?
How much will I give you?
Is 10,000 points enough?
Go, go, go
Return to this afterlife
It seems that you have killed someone in the middle of the night
You apologize to mom now
I can ignore it.
I apologize to you.
Do you also match?
I'm giving you face now
I don't want to be embarrassed just now
Does your mom really take you seriously?
Lao Tzu, the person who sees you is cheap and dead
Let's fight a war and give it to me